we kept our heads up high the whole time
but uh it is a little aggravating they
are very very consistent offensive team
me that was by far the best best often
subpoena we faced so far now I was very
impressed with that
let's 7017 he's all stay I know that
he's he is one heck of an athlete I will
give him he is very good athlete and
their defensive lineman I was very
impressed with them p for us was just to
keep the line to contained and has
contained everything our DBS and do a
great job covering them so assignment
have some time to rush the passer and
that was great we did exactly what we
needed to do to win this game and we
want it and we just got to play like
that next week and we can win state we
got it I said the funny thing was jokin
of silence seemed like you were in the
backfield offensively for them more than
their running backs were seemed like
every play there's one of you guys in
that defensive backfield the db's did
their job but I think the BBS are
probably thank you guys too I mean and
then ah offensively i mean the holes are
there you're getting 4 5 6 yard to carry
every time what's that how's that feel
if the line is to know that you're going
to go out there you go smash them in the
mouth and you're going to move the
bottom it's just the greatest feeling
ever I just do everything for those
backs those backs when they need to
block they block when they need to get
those yards to get those guards and it's
just great for us linemen to have that
are slime and we bond we do great
together great effort have great
practices when we perform great
hey
freshman year we were the seniors
refreshment and we saw a win state and
ever since fresh from here we've wanted
to go to state and do what that question
Oh